[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time in my
last episode I talked about a class I
took on how to take better photos using
my iPhone and I found that class through
today at Apple website and by going
through that site and checking the
various classes that Apple offers I have
to say that Apple does a great job on
counter marketing and sales enablement
in a way their content is an extension
of sales enablement they use content to
educate new users on how to use their
products better they also use content to
show existing users new tricks all the
classes are product centric they are on
point and focus on getting user ramped
up as quickly as possible so their class
counting in a way focuses on conversion
from top of the funnel to the bottom of
the funnel to me classes they provide
are the essence of a content marketing
if you think about it they offer
relevant and educational content to
acquire new customers and retain
existing ones with the millions of users
people come to the Apple size naturally
to find products ask questions and make
purchases Apple really doesn't need to
use pay or sponsor content to drive
traffic to their site while most of us
still need to dial up a media as one
about key marketing mix so the key
learning here is not completely rely on
your organic traffic or dialing bag on
the pay or sponsor content most of us
don't have apples brand recognition
worldwide or a massive user follow-up we
unfortunately still needs to incorporate
paid media as a part of our marketing
mix to drive traffic to our site and the
facility conversions
the key takeaway here is to create
relevant educational content to assist
and support your users in any way
possible another learning for me is that
the salespeople needs to be more than
salespeople the instructors of the
classes are all in-store reps so they
all wear multiple hats they are
salespeople their IT subject-matter
experts they are also instructors that's
no different than enterprise or b2b
sales teams many of them are not just
salespeople anymore they are also order
takers trusted advisor problem solvers
or even problem finders sales people can
just be salespeople anymore to provide
value we all need to wear multiple hats
you can use content marketing as a means
to enable your sales team and your users
you can also use content to train your
sales team so they can play multiple
roles to provide values to their
customers please send me your marketing
questions or thoughts via twitter at Pam
dinner see well keep hustling until next
time
[Music]
you